(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 40)
Do you see that mountain?
I found her near the top of that mountain.
She collapsed after taking medicine.
She seemed she'd do it again.
That's why I kept her and made her work...
so she wouldn't think about anything else.
When it's combined,
push it to anywhere you want...
since it has wheels.
Also, we should use a whiteboard...
for the tabletop.
A bed and a table. It's like a transformer.
But it exists already.
I saw one in hardwood.
I know that too,
but it can also be a bookshelf and a table.
The whiteboard is what makes it special.
If students use this in their studio...
or in their rooftop house, they'll get more space.
But how did you come up with this idea?
I went to see Dad.
His room was so empty.
I was making a shelf with leftover wood.
I thought about making a shelf that can...
also be a table. Then I came up with this idea.
Don't you think you're working too hard?
The academy and here.
You worked at night, and even on your days off now.
Are you going to stay here all day?
I don't know. I must be an ultra-super woman.
Ever since I realized my dad's safe,
I don't get tired at all. I'm excited.
This is only a rough sketch.
Come up with more details.
I'll look for the wood we should use for this.
What is it? Did you forget something?
It's our day off today.
Did you forget something too?
Is everything okay?
Ji An.
Let me hug you just once.
What did you say?
What... What's wrong?
I understand why you're like this now.
I understand why we can't work it out now.
I...
met Mr. Gong.
I'm sorry I didn't know.
I couldn't even imagine it.
Why...
Why would you...
How did you...
I didn't want you to know things like that.
I didn't know you suffered that much.
I didn't know...
how much you suffered at my house.
You were walking on a rope between life and death.
Even though you said no,
I thought you were just being proud...
because you were afraid.
Right.
I tried to take my own life.
But it wasn't because the Haesung family...
or you made it miserable.
I was ashamed of myself...
for abandoning my siblings and parents...
who raised me and loved me for 28 years...
just because I was struggling.
However,
I had no place to go back...
except to my parents and siblings.
I saw my father getting beat by the vice chairman.
I saw my father kneeling on the cold ground.
Ji Soo.
Ji Soo was like my other half,
but she was hurt in a way beyond recovery.
When the last string I held onto snapped,
I had no more energy to carry on.
Those horrible times as a job seeker,
intern, and contract employee.
I had no desire or strength to do it again.
My choices...
created that situation.
So I hated myself.
It was despising and humiliating.
That's why...
I wanted to end my life.
The irony in that...
was the realization when I thought I was dying.
I realized that I'd lived a life full of regrets...
and I had lived a wrong life.
"Why did I lead such life?"
"Why did I always compare myself to others?"
"Why didn't I revise my own standards?"
You did the best you could.
I'd lived without any purposes or goals.
But after working at the dried laver farm,
the world wasn't as scary as it was before.
The workers' lives at the farm were valuable.
They live a happy life.
Without any expectations or ambition, I work...
at this woodshop as I create things...
and smell the wood, which I love.
I'm starting to like my job more.
And I also learned...
what kind of person I was...
and what I liked.
I'm glad.
Me too.
So right now,
I'm happy.
What's troubling me the most now...
is holding back my feelings for you.
I know.
I know that now.
I realized why you can't be with me.
It's because of who I am.
I couldn't accept why you didn't want...
someone like me.
It's because of what I bring.
I understand now.
Cinderella doesn't exist.
You said so yourself several times.
"Nothing comes free in life."
That's the rule of the Haesung family.
Your world willingly divides classes.
Since I know that rule so well,
I can't put myself in your world just for love.
And I don't want to either.
I also believe that wouldn't be right.
I'm living my own life now.
Despite your feelings for me,
this is why you didn't want...
anything to do with me.
Well,
if you hadn't left your family,
we could have dated for a while though.
Secretly.
Besides,
we must date to know if we can be together or not.
But your family...
won't even allow me to date you...
because they have already classified me as inferior.
It must have been so hard for you.
I only tried to date you.
No.
I know how hard it was for you to choose that.
I thought my love would be enough for you.
I had been silly and arrogant...
to have thought like that.
I had been short-sighted.
I left my home...
for my own gain.
I didn't leave for your sake.
I was never convinced that you didn't like my wealth.
I kept thinking that in my head.
I see how you would think that.
If you come to my world,
you will never be able to live as Seo Ji An.
You will have to live according to our rules.
As a daughter-in-law of the Haesung family.
As a wife of the heir, Choi Do Kyung.
You will have to keep formalities.
And you won't be able to get a job you want either.
That is why I cannot cross over to your world.
I cannot let you suffer.
I don't have the right either.
I don't have the right to ask you to come with me.
So...
I must stop bothering you now.
I...
don't believe I can make you happy, Ji An.
It's because of who I am.
Because I'm Choi Do Kyung.
Starting now,
I won't ask you to do anything with me.
I can't.
Thank you.
And I'm sorry.
From now on,
I won't make you suffer anymore.
Why are you drinking soju without a glass?
There are glasses over here.
Leave it.
What was that?
Ms. Seo.
Can I take those?
Yes, please.
Hey, hey. This way. Come on.
Hey, over here. Pass.
- Catch the ball. - Over here.
Hey, Seo Tae Soo.
That's not going to get you anywhere.
I heard there are guitar schools in Seoul.
Quit dreaming, you punk.
You're a delivery guy. You can't be a guitarist.
Why would I quit dreaming?
People are supposed to keep dreaming.
No way. You won't be able to make it in Seoul.
Hi, Dad. Were you visiting somewhere else?
What is this now?
Why are you taking turns to visit me now?
Ji Ho told me the room was warm, but it's windy.
So I brought an electric heater.
Why?
Are you worried now since I'm going to die soon?
And there are some porridges in here.
Since it's winter, you can leave it outside.
Porridge?
Your stomach is upset.
I got this from the hospital.
Take this after you have porridge.
I don't need any of this.
Why are you doing this now?
Do you think I will be happy...
and thankful that you care about me now?
Stop it, will you?
I am here alone because I don't want...
to bother you as I die.
I wanted to be alone for once.
Why are you acting unusual?
Do you think only you can hate me?
I hate you too now.
I hate you all.
It's Sunday,
so we came out for some fresh air and dropped by.
I...
I don't want any trouble.
Don't bother me...
only to make yourselves feel better.
Don't come here anymore.
We were just leaving anyway.
Let's go, Mom.
Okay. Let's go.
Bye.
Take care, Dad.
(Buckwheat pancake batter)
He must've been...
very lonely until now.
I never...
saw him like that.
He never yelled at me.
What should we do with him?
I am sorry, Mom.
I never gave you a chance to explain...
why you sent Ji An instead of Ji Soo.
I should've listened...
to what you had to say before I got upset at you.
Thank you.
Why did you come here in this cold?
It's delicious.
It's tough selling bread.
I thought you could use something sweet.
I am never low on sugar.
You are my sugar. You are my Ms. Honey.
Seriously, stop it.
Ji Soo is going to laugh at us.
What do those eyes mean?
Are you laughing at us by any chance?
No. It's just that you two are so sweet.
I want to live like you two too.
My goodness. With whom? With Hyuk?
Well, I haven't thought about that yet.
What? That's a lie.
You blushed as soon as you said it.
- Look at you. - Come on.
(Profile of Sunwoo Hyuk)
(Family background)
He runs a mom and pop store.
His father was an alcoholic carpenter.
(Sunwoo Hee)
His sister divorced...
her abusive husband and got married again.
(Kang Nam Goo)
And his brother-in-law is an orphan,
who is a high school graduate.
As if that's not enough...
This woman...
What about her?
She knows Ji An.
She seemed to know about Ji An and Do Kyung too.
Sunwoo Hee's brother is dating Ji Soo.
Then...
Ji Soo might know about Ji An and Do Kyung.
I don't know.
Ji Soo is the one who told you about Hee's cafe.
Would she have done that...
if she knew about their relationship?
Right. She didn't know Ji An's number.
But they're all connected.
So it's only a matter of time...
until she finds out about Do Kyung and Ji An.
They grew up many years as twins.
What if they come together and protect Do Kyung?
How can this happen?
I am leaving now.
What?
Are you meeting her every day?
If you're jealous, you should be in love too.
Okay.
I can't be jealous.
This is it.
No way.
Did you make this?
I once dreamt of becoming a sculptor.
If it sells well, I will make you more.
The first 10 customers...
will be given handmade earrings.
I should put a big sign.
You are a good business man.
But did you already get a place in a flea market?
Well, there are no flea markets in winter,
so I'll start selling things on the streets.
That might be better for your experience.
I have to go back to work.
Okay.
Isn't that Ji Soo's little brother?
Ji An.
Sister, wait.
Thank you so much. I will try my best.
Tell me how many earrings you sold.
Yes, ma'am! I'll get going now.
Ji An.
Hyuk. Are you going somewhere?
Is he your brother?
You saw my brother, Ji Ho.
I should've introduced him to you.
Seo Ji Ho.
Then...
who is Seo Ji Soo?
He's not here yet.
Get in.
What brings you here?
I came to fetch you after your work.
But I have plans today.
With whom?
Sunwoo Hyuk?
I can't meet you today.
I can't understand, Ji An.
I know everything you went through.
Why didn't you tell me about Ji Soo?
No.
Why did you pretend to not know each other?
As you know,
we were in a complicated situation.
I felt uncomfortable to see Ji Soo,
so I suggested that we pretend to be strangers.
The movie night.
Did you intentionally not show up?
I thought you were attracted to her too.
Ji Soo is the daughter of Haesung Corporation.
Didn't you ever think about me?
Ji Soo is living freely.
It's different from when I was living there.
They're letting her work at the bakery,
and she's living as Seo Ji Soo.
Perhaps it's because they almost...
never got to find their real daughter.
They acknowledge her and respect her as Ji Soo.
Hey. This is a very important matter.
It's about each other's background.
When two people meet,
I think your background matters a lot.
Besides, I came to know...
about that family through you.
I am different from Ji Soo.
That wasn't your decision to make.
When you found out...
that I knew Ji Soo,
you should've told me.
I am sorry for not telling you.
I know why Do Kyung left home.
I heard what his mother did to you.
Are you worried...
that her family won't approve you?
No.
I should've been given the chance to choose...
after being informed about who she is.
If you're really my friend.
He lost his mother as a young boy,
and he's now a young businessman.
So?
He doesn't suit you.
I like him.
Your daughter likes him.
Yes. You are my daughter.
You are No Myung Hee's daughter.
You were born as Choi Eun Seok.
You've enjoyed your hobby enough.
You're studying abroad.
If you are my mom...
Shouldn't a mother...
wish for her daughter's happiness?
I am doing this for your happiness.
I told you.
I want to live as Seo Ji Soo.
When I was living at home,
Ji An and I got along so well.
Let's not waste time.
Nobody compared me to Ji An.
That's why we got along well.
Ji An was the person I liked the most...
after Mom and Dad.
It was my mistake to enter this house.
I am leaving this family.
You don't have to get me a house.
Hyuk's shopping mall, Hee's cafe,
and Nam Goo's bakery.
If they all end up...
on the streets because of you,
will Hyuk still like you?
Ji Soo.
Do you want that to happen?
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
You have to learn things by studying abroad.
But there's a reason for you...
to not want to study abroad.
I have to get rid of the cause, don't I?
That's what a parent should do.
(Ji An)
You said she doesn't call you anymore.
Think carefully.
The number you have dialed is not available.
That's quite a lot since I see it gathered.
I heard you can upcycle wood pieces and sawdust.
Pellet fuel, was it?
Wait.
Who takes the waste wood over there?
The recycling company.
The price is high because of the materials.
- Is that right? - Yes.
Do Kyung,
- are you done? - Yes.
Good job. And thank you.
Thank you.
I heard a new staff is coming,
so this will be my last day.
Mr. Sunwoo, Sun Tae,
and Ji An,
I'll be leaving now. Goodbye.
You did well.
Goodbye.
I'll be leaving now.
Where are you headed?
(The first 10 people get handmade earrings.)
Please come take a look.
The first 10 customers will get these earrings.
Here. Take a look.
- You can try on the hat. - It's cold.
Why did you wear so lightly?
Wear your clothes.
Yes, I should.
Everything looks good.
Isn't this good too?
How much is that?
This is 50 dollars.
When you get this, you'll get earrings too.
Really?
I'll take it then.
Okay.
Give it to me.
I will put it here for you. Here.
Thank you for your purchase.
I should wear one too.
How do I look?
Do I look hip?
What does that mean?
Gosh.
This is 50 dollars, and this is 15 dollars.
Aren't they pretty?
This is the same design. It's 15 dollars.
By any chance, are you two a couple?
- No... - No way.
She's my business partner.
She's not my type, okay?
- Wear it well. - I should be saying that.
Wear the earrings well too.
- Okay. - Thank you.
Can you fix the earrings if they break?
How can I reach you?
Give me your phone.
- Okay. - Okay.
If you contact me here, I'll get them fixed.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
Bye.
What?
Thank you for letting me use your car.
You can keep using it.
You need a car to do business.
I haven't even found a business item.
It's because you are doing part-time jobs.
Do you think it's easy to do something else...
while making a living?
I know. I realized that.
Now, I understand the old saying,
"A full belly counsels well."
You should quit your job if you know now.
[VIU Ver] E40 My Golden Life "I Understand Now"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What's this?
This is my bankbook. I have the down payment...
for the apartment I bought and a bit more.
I will invest in your business.
- What? - Well,
I got a loan with no interest,
so it's quite a sum.
It's more than 200,000 dollars.
It's everything my mother and I saved.
I will trust you and invest in your business.
I have only six months until I move...
to the new apartment.
Gwan Woo.
If you fail to succeed in six months,
you'll surrender and go home anyway.
Then you will pay me back.
So I am not afraid.
But...
But still,
how could you invest your everything in me?
When my mom got a hip surgery,
you paid for it.
But I didn't do that because...
I really cared about you.
It was out of my duty as your boss.
I was just pretending to be nice.
I know.
Do you think I'm mistaking your actions...
of helping the less fortunate...
as something you sincerely meant?
Honestly, you just did it to show off.
Right.
So why?
It is still a big help for someone struggling.
But I will consider myself employed...
starting today.
I will serve you well as your secretary...
and your driver.
Then...
can you start with research?
I am still not sure about it,
but I'm interested in something.
Sure.
Father.
Hello.
You go up. Sit down, Ms. No.
Is it time to have a good time with her?
What brings you here?
You should've told me.
What happened to Do Kyung?
Did you find the girl?
No. Not yet.
Really?
I am sorry.
Do Kyung has turned on his phone again.
It seems like he's around the area near Hongdae.
What do you think that would mean?
Does it mean he doesn't care if we find out?
I don't know.
Perhaps he's trying to start a business?
How?
I cut off all his investments.
He should surrender and come home then.
But he freely goes around while using his phone.
Something's up.
Myung Hee,
tell me everything you found out until now.
Do Kyung has his pride, Father.
He left home proudly.
He won't come back in less than a month.
He's went around looking for investors.
He doesn't have any money.
And his phone is on...
because he doesn't have anything special going on.
Isn't that right? Don't you think so too?
I'm not sure.
He'll be back soon.
He didn't even call Gi Jae.
You know he has a strong pride, right?
He'd never ask anyone for help.
He knows it'd leak to the company soon.
I'm sure he will come back soon.
What do you think you are doing?
If Father finds out Do Kyung left home...
because of Ji An,
he will be doomed.
Father might really abandon Do Kyung.
That's possible.
Then why would you stay quiet?
Are you just going to sit back and watch?
You should make Father trust you.
What's wrong with you these days?
I don't want to try to satisfy your father...
while walking on eggshells.
What did you say?
Is it your fault that you were born as a woman?
Just because he doesn't have a son,
he makes you and your sister...
eat out of the palm of his hand...
by using Haesung Corporation.
I'm sick of it now.
Are you saying Jin Hee and I are his puppets?
You don't know you are his puppet...
because you've been raised that way.
You'd think it's your own desire.
Jae Sung, watch your mouth.
If you've held your place as the president sooner,
none of this would've happened.
Do Kyung could've succeeded you...
as the president of Haesung Corporation.
Do you have anyone to share your secrets?
You have a father, a sister, and a husband,
but you don't have anyone to share your secrets.
Only those who can't control their feelings...
count on others.
That's foolish.
Then you wouldn't need my advice, right?
I give up.
What do you mean?
When you ran away from home,
I didn't think you'd hold out for a month.
It took me some time to scrape up some money...
without telling my parents.
I already got the fund.
Gosh, you're surprising.
Then are you going out with Ji An now?
Ji An and I broke up.
Broke up? What does that mean?
I let her go.
I gave up on her.
Are you serious?
I'm serious, so I'm sad.
She said...
she didn't like you because you're rich.
Did she really mean that?
Dad.
I made a drawer for you.
I'll just leave it here and go.
Don't bring in anything.
Come have a seat.
Do you all think I'm not serious?
I'm sorry.
Why did you make the drawer?
Did you think I'd like it?
Don't be mistaken.
I'm a human being too.
As a father, I can give you...
everything you need.
I'd even give you my guts if you want.
Still, I'm a human being.
Sometimes I feel upset and miserable too.
So just go, would you?
If you ever come again,
I'll go somewhere else.
Okay.
And take that with you.
But this is too heavy.
I'll go now.
Oh, right. Dad.
Do you have a flashlight?
My phone ran out of battery.
It's too dark outside.
Hold it to your side.
Ji Soo is so unfortunate.
There's a guy Ji Soo really likes.
But it might not work because of her background.
And Ji Ho lost 5,000 dollars.
What... What?
It was a franchise swindle.
He lost the deposit.
A... A franchise?
I told him to be careful.
I'm glad that he lost only 5,000 dollars though.
He must be out of his mind.
I know.
Did you meet Ji Soo?
Yes.
Things are still a little awkward,
but I'll make up with her soon.
I'll meet Ji Soo and talk with her.
Okay. Make sure to console her.
Okay. I'll do that.
Hyuk's shopping mall, Hee's cafe,
and Nam Goo's bakery.
If they all end up...
on the streets because of you,
will Hyuk still like you?
Did she really mean that?
What should I do? What should I do?
Who should I talk to?
Should I call Ji An?
(Ji An)
Why did she call me so many times?
Ji Soo, give me a call.
Ji Soo, your phone is off.
Hyuk found out about you and me.
He must've recognized Ji Ho.
He seems shocked.
Nam Goo, my brother-in-law.
Do you love my sister that much?
Yes. I love her beyond words.
I'm so happy that I don't even mind dying.
I can't even imagine what it feels like.
Give me some examples.
After your sister left me,
I tried to date other girls too.
But I felt so sorry for them.
So I couldn't go out with anyone.
I couldn't forget Hee and move on.
That means I'm not so much in love.
What do you mean?
It's about Ji Soo and me.
We're not that serious.
Gosh, you're being ridiculous.
Just speak it out. What's going on?
In our family, Grandfather speaks the law,
the truth, and directions. He is absolute.
Mom, Dad, and Do Kyung can't go against him too.
I don't want to be introduced,
and I don't want to meet other people either.
I'm not even ready to live my life as Choi Eun Seok.
It's your grandfather's wish.
I hope you'll comply.
Shut your mouth!
Please consult us for one last time.
When you didn't do anything until...
the family's only son ran away from home?
Ji Soo.
Did you want to see me?
Do you have anything to say?
No, never mind. Goodnight.
81, 82, and 83.
We earned 830 dollars.
What's important...
is that we sold out.
Ji Ho, master of sales.
My clothes are designer labels,
so they made what you bought good.
Hey, were your clothes real designer labels?
No one recognized them.
They aren't the labels you'd recognize.
The first coat I wore cost 3,000 dollars.
And I think the scarf cost about 800 dollars.
You idiot, you should've told me so.
If we sold such things second-hand...
You said this was about the experience.
I don't wear them, so I would've thrown them out.
You don't value money at all.
I doubt this means anything.
But here, 70 dollars for the day.
70 dollars?
Leave it, that's a joke.
Was this the first time you worked?
The price of your labor...
is money.
I just taught you a lesson, so take it.
Is your first pay that special?
Gosh, save me.
It's your day off. When will you come home?
I'll be back by 6pm.
See you later.
You're not ready yet?
- I parked outside. - Okay. Thanks.
What did you talk about while drinking yesterday?
Nam Goo says you only drank.
We just talked about life.
You're going to Insa-dong?
There's a nice traditional tea shop.
I'll text you the address.
Thanks.
The manager comes in at 4pm.
Thanks for watching the cafe until then.
No problem. Enjoy your date.
Welcome.
I'm here...
to see the owner.
Ms. Yang Mi Jung.
She resigned.
She resigned?
When? Why?
Who are you?
I'm her daughter.
You didn't know?
Haesung FNB's CEO suddenly came over...
and told her to quit.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you sooner.
I was going to tell you...
when I was ready.
When would you have been ready?
First,
we can get to know each other...
What if we got really close?
You...
liked me for a long time.
It took me a while to open up.
Were you going to break up with me easily?
No.
Then you should've told me from the start.
It wasn't easy.
You and Ji An had been friends for years.
What Ji An told me...
was that your mom made a mistake,
Ji An ended up in that house,
and realized she wasn't their real daughter.
So she left,
and the real daughter joined the Haesung family.
That was it.
I don't know what else there is between you.
Did you not tell me...
because of Ji An?
No... No, it's not that.
Then you knew...
that if I found out you're a Haesung family member...
that I'd feel unworthy.
Right?
I wanted to get closer to you...
and get along without the added stress.
And then...
Tell me once we were deeply involved?
I think that's it.
Ji Soo.
If your family found out about me,
would they approve?
I heard...
from others about how that family does things.
I also heard about how they live...
and how they treat and control their kids.
I...
don't want that kind of relationship.
Do you want...
to break up?
Whether it's dating or loving,
I think it's best when it's positive either way.
Okay.
To be honest, I thought...
that we were just dating...
and we could break up after dating for a while.
So don't feel any pressure.
Mr. Sunwoo, I'm here.
I should go then.
- Take care. - Thank you.
What now? I feel so sorry for Tae Soo.
Hae Ja, it's in his mind.
He doesn't have cancer.
He won't die.
That's why I feel sorry for him.
How badly must he have wanted to die...
for someone as strong as him...
When you got so upset with him,
I knew this would happen.
Was I upset with him?
You were. Because he didn't earn as much.
You nagged him to start another business.
Because he had been so capable.
I did push him a lot.
I shouldn't have set you two up.
I've never seen...
another man like Tae Soo, who never...
so much as raised his voice to his wife.
Never.
So I'm paying for that dearly.
I can't visit when I want...
or ask him to come back.
You deserve it.
- See you tomorrow. - Bye.
- Ji Tae. - Hello.
I'm sorry Soo A's staying with you.
Why are you here?
To take you home.
Both you and her.
Are you watching so I can't get an abortion?
Yes, I am.
Come along. I'll take you both.
Okay.
Let's go.
Here. Take this.
You have to take it during the early stage.
And don't skip any meals.
See you tomorrow.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
What'll you do?
I think he's serious.
Seo Ji Tae...
How could he?
How could he give up on me like that?
How could he divorce...
I think he took what you said at face value.
How could he?
After what we went through to get married?
I thought I'd give in...
if he kept saying we should give birth,
so I asked for a divorce...
to make him change his mind.
He's really considering it.
This is unbelievable.
How could he pick the child...
whom he can't even see?
But what'll you do...
if he keeps checking on you...
every day?
I'll have to make a decision.
I'll stay only until the end of this month.
Will you go back home?
Yes. You can look for a new tenant.
Hyuk.
I...
broke up with Ji Soo.
How is she?
Is Ji Soo okay?
Let's not talk about it anymore, Ji An.
Poor Ji Soo.
(Young Entrepreneur Making DIY Furniture for Singles)
You'll do well whatever you do in the future.
I'll watch you from afar...
and sincerely wish you well.
Bread Pit.
Ma'am.
Are you going out?
It's my day off.
- This is... - You'll take a day off?
I told you to find Ji An...
and you still haven't.
We must find her to find Do Kyung.
Didn't you hear my father?
Find Ji An first.
I only get one day a month off.
My father looks forward to my visit.
Nothing will happen if you're a few days late.
Visiting my father isn't all I do.
It's just one day a month.
I would like to take today off.
- What? - Goodbye.
See you tomorrow morning.
Min Deul Rae, how dare you?
Is Dad out?
Well, yes.
He went to play golf early in the morning.
I was hoping to tell you both at the same time.
I will go abroad to study.
Will you?
Tell me when I leave.
I'll be prepared.
Okay. That's my daughter.
(Chairman No Yang Ho)
Hello, sir.
What excuse did you give Myung Hee?
It's my day off.
I dropped by on my way to see my father.
What did Myung Hee tell you to find out?
The last one was where her son is staying.
And did you find out?
Yes.
But there's a middle step that should be mentioned.
A middle step?
January cleaning day.
Clean your room...
and meet in the kitchen at 11am.
Isn't that hard work? Let me do the rest.
No, it's easy to use, so it's not hard at all.
Go help out the kitchen.
Do Kyung's causing a huge mess.
Give me that, I'll do it.
I'll do it. This is my job.
Teaching the rookie how things are done here...
is a part of this house's rule.
Didn't you read the rule book?
Align this to this and slide it in.
You try it.
You did that well.
Once I get how it works.
I lack the experience.
Then get up.
Do you remember where everything has to be?
Is there a set location?
Yes, we all use the fridge together.
We keep our drinks and foods in certain corners.
Did you mix all the foods and ingredients together?
I know your spot.
Your milk, your food, your beer,
and your triangle gimbap.
The gimbap's shelf life had been expired.
The people upstairs use the top two shelves.
The top shelf is for Carpenter Yang.
The rest for Junk Seller and Entertainer.
The lowest two shelves are for us downstairs.
You keep your stuff on the right-hand side.
Mine are next to yours.
Yong Gook and Hyuk keep theirs above that.
You're smart.
I found investors.
Did you really?
Yes.
How...
Good for you.
If I start my business...
- No. - Never mind.
But I wish you good luck.
Do Kyung, Ji An, come eat.
Hyuk.
Yes. We're done.
Let's eat now.
My gosh. Sit over here.
- Thank you. - It looks good.
The rags are drying on the roof,
and I have to go out on business.
Well done, everyone.
- You should eat first. - Why...
You did good work.
- You praise me too much. - Who is it?
It's Mr. Kim, the estate agent.
The estate agent, Mr. Kim, is here.
What?
Hello.
- Welcome. - Thank you.
Mr. Kim. I didn't expect you. What brings you here?
So this was where you were.
Both of you.